Rename AsyncQueue -> FIFOQueue. Create ActorQueue (#3)
dfed/swift-async-queue: README.md

    }
}
```

Despite the spawned `Task` inheriting the serial `@MainActor` execution context, the ordering of the scheduled asynchronous work is not guaranteed.

While [actors](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/Concurrency.html#ID645) are great at serializing tasks, there is no simple way in the standard Swift library to send ordered tasks to them from a synchronous context.

### Executing asynchronous tasks in FIFO order

Use a `FIFOQueue` queue to execute asynchronous tasks enqueued from a nonisolated context in FIFO order. Tasks sent to one of these queues are guaranteed to begin _and end_ executing in the order in which they are enqueued.

```swift
let queue = FIFOQueue()
queue.async {
    /*
    `async` context that executes after all other enqueued work is completed.
    Work enqueued after this task will wait for this task to complete.
    */
}
Task {
    await queue.await {
        /*
        `async` context that can return a value or throw an error.
        Executes after all other enqueued work is completed.
        Work enqueued after this task will wait for this task to complete.
        */
    }
}
```

### Sending ordered asynchronous tasks to Actors

> Use an `ActorQueue` queue to send ordered asynchronous tasks from a nonisolated context to an `actor` instance. Tasks sent to one of these queues are guaranteed to begin _but not end_ executing in the order in which they are enqueued.

Reviewer: I think going a bit more into detail would be good.
```suggestion
Use an `ActorQueue` queue to send ordered asynchronous tasks from a nonisolated context to an `actor` instance. Tasks sent to one of these queues are guaranteed to begin executing by the actor in the order in which they are enqueued. Whether those tasks will also end in the same order depends on the actor's implementation, as it may be using concurrency internally itself.
```

Reviewer: See later comments though. This is a gnarly thing to define properly.

Author: We're basically talking about FIFE (first-in-first-executing) contract, with ordering guarantees up until the first suspension point. So maybe we define this as:
```suggestion
Use an `ActorQueue` queue to send ordered asynchronous tasks from a nonisolated context to an `actor` instance. Tasks sent to one of these queues are guaranteed to begin executing in the order in which they are enqueued. Ordering of execution is guaranteed up until the first [suspension point](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/Concurrency.html#ID639) within the called `actor` code.
```

Reviewer: Ok that is probably better, with concurrent logic around we always get to the point where we just 🤷🏽‍♂️ and hope what the caller is doing very soon.

I'd like to experiment with sending synchronous code to run, but I don't think Swift will let us as currently configured (maybe the actor can run a serial block block itself but how to declare that in a way that will always work I'm not sure).

Author: > I'd like to experiment with sending synchronous code to run, but I don't think Swift will let us as currently configured

This is doable! I've written + deleted this test a few times in the process of discovering + trying to delete the warning I put on this type. Looks like this:
```
func test_async_sendsSynchronousEventsInOrder() async {
    final class SynchronousCounter: @unchecked Sendable {
        func incrementAndExpectCount(equals expectedCount: Int) {
            increment()
            XCTAssertEqual(expectedCount, count)
        }

        func increment() {
            count += 1
        }

        var count: Int {
            set {
                dispatchQueue.async { self.unsafeCount = newValue }
            }
            get {
                dispatchQueue.sync { unsafeCount }
            }
        }
        var unsafeCount = 0
        let dispatchQueue = DispatchQueue(label: #function)
    }
    let counter = SynchronousCounter()
    for iteration in 1...1_000 {
        systemUnderTest.async {
            counter.incrementAndExpectCount(equals: iteration)
        }
    }
    await systemUnderTest.await { /* Drain the queue */ }
}
```

Author: Note that in the above code we don't really need the `dispatchQueue` barrier – I added it only to prevent a crash in case code were unexpectedly executed concurrently.

```swift
let queue = ActorQueue()
queue.async {
    /*

>     `async` context that executes after all other enqueued work has begun executing.

Reviewer: Is it possible to call non-async actor methods synchronously from the outside, by setting us in the same execution context or something like that?

Actors have access to their own serial executors so it may work out to have some kind of actor extension that runs non-serial code through the executor. Although Swift doesn't let us extend a protocol so we'd need to put some ornamentation around such an idea.

I'll need to discuss this further, I'm sure you've been giving this a lot of thought as well.

Author: > Is it possible to call non-async actor methods synchronously from the outside, by setting us in the same execution context or something like that?

Yes, if you use [`@_inheritActorContext`](https://github.com/apple/swift/blob/1f3e159cfe518fbb723230a4e8f562248d34d863/docs/ReferenceGuides/UnderscoredAttributes.md#_inheritactorcontext). But given the `Usage of these attributes outside of the Swift monorepo is STRONGLY DISCOURAGED` warning at the top of that link, I do not plan on using underscored attributes in this repo.

> Actors have access to their own serial executors so it may work out to have some kind of actor extension that runs non-serial code through the executor.

This would be ideal. I haven't found a supported way to do this though.

> Although Swift doesn't let us extend a protocol so we'd need to put some ornamentation around such an idea.

Indeed we'd need to at least be able to store the `taskStreamContinuation`, and we can't do that on a protocol extension. Worse yet, `actor`s do not support inheritance, so we're quite low on options here.

Author: Following up: I don't think our use case for an `ActorQueue` would result in us wanting to inherit the actor context. The entire point of an `ActorQueue` is to bridge the nonisolated context with the actor-isolated context – inheriting an actor context from a nonisolated context doesn't improve the semantics since we're calling into the `ActorQueue` from a context other than the actor's.

    Work enqueued after this task will wait for this task to complete or suspend.
    */
}
Task {
    await queue.await {
        /*
        `async` context that can return a value or throw an error.

>         Executes after all other enqueued work has completed or suspended.

Author: yup. I wrote this description before I'd discovered that the synchronous test failed.

[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/AsyncQueue.svg)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/AsyncQueue)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/AsyncQueue.svg)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/AsyncQueue)

A library of queues that enable sending ordered tasks from synchronous to asynchronous contexts.

## Task Ordering and Swift Concurrency

Tasks sent from a synchronous context to an asynchronous context in Swift Concurrency are inherently unordered. Consider the following test:

> ```

Author: Thanks for the prompt to do so!
